> Oyun Başlar
MEF QUEST title screen


> Start
Ercan Korkut has declared the program of "Yetmez Gençler" mandatory for the all students of MEF University.
His plans were unpredictable; both students and instructors will become his puppets.
He has manipulated everyone with brainwashing videos of "Yetmez Gençler".

One day Ercan has realised that unexpected threat. One of the students were not watching the videos...
When he tried reaching to that student, Ms Yılmaz as has noticed Ercan's plans.
Ms. Yılmaz has reached to the student before Ercan could. She told him about devilish plans of Ercan and he was the only one left who could stop him.

Ms. Yılmaz didn't get affected by the videos because she noticed the true purposes of those videos before but Ercan was aware of who watched those videos and who didn't so he took Ms Yılmaz as hostage.





> Floor 0 (Tutorial)
  
Okula giriyoruz. Fotoğraf: Turnikeler ve Güvenlik masası.

Güvenlikçiler ile savaş

- Where is your ID MC?
+ Oh, I forgot it at home, may I pa-
-Nah, you can't pass without your ID, I should destabilize you. No offense.
+Wait wha-
(During the fight the Security Guard will say: You shall not pass!)

Kantinci
-I hope you are hungry! We have pizza toast, kumru, bagel and pogaca.
İlk mini boss
Kolay, yenildikten sonra sana yemek verecek
-You have fought well, here's your reward.
+Ah, thanks man, that's good.







> Floor 1

Students are blocking the way go upstairs.

İki 1. sınıf öğrencisi birbiryle konuşuyor

*Where is the C Block by the way?
-I don't really know, I was going to ask you where is dining hall.
*MC approaches to them*
+Let me show you! *fight*

(öğrenciler savaş sırsaında; I know the way, I will find that dining hall!)

--------------


>Their minds become back to normal after they are defeated.
*Where am I for real?
-The last thing I remember is we were watching "Yetmez Gençler"'s video...
+Yeah, you and all the other students were getting manipulated by Professor Ercan Korkut.
-No way...
+I'm surprised that you don't remember a thing.
-I told you man, last thing I remember is we were watching "Yetmez Gençler"'s course video.
+As we talk about course, where are other students?
-Wait wait! We are late for Calculus Class!!!

-------------

> Ilkay hears the loud noises and walks to them to warn them about being too loud.

I: Hey there, you three! What are you up to here, you all are supposed to be in the class!
+ Sorry but they are following the class by watching "BudersBoğaziçiliden" they really don't need your classes.
I: How dare you?! I will make sure they will fail the class!
*fight starts*

(During the fight Ilkay: "This theorem is well known!" "You are so predictable, your moves are well known ones!")

>Ilkay has defeated and his mind became to normalA

MC: Are you alright professor?
I: Where am I "guys"?
MC: Ercan has brainwashed everyone. We have to catch him. But I don't know where is he.
I: As I remember he is hiding in 5th floor.
MC: I have to stop him at any cost!

-------------------


> 2nd floor (Prep floor)

You see a few prep students
>They talk with such a broken accent and english
+School good but school no has campus.
-Ama UNIQ var kanka.
MC: Haven't you told, it's forbidden here talking in turkish?!
(fight sırasında I don't now diyebilir öğrenciler)

+What happening!?!?!
MC: What did happen to you? 
-We did watched videos and went .
MC: (It's really exhausting to try talking with those guys in English, most probably I might find something useful in Registrar Office.

MC went into office and personals realised that he didn't get affected. 
+(How comes he is still thinking on his own?!)
+Haven't you attended Yetmez Gençler? You won't be able graduate.
MC: Cut the crap, where is Professor Korkut?
+We can't inform you about that topic, you may mail us later.
MC: Really?
+Yeah.
(fight sırasında You may mail us, we can't help you right now, diyebilirler)

*fight*


MC: How have you done this all? This is madness! Students are acting like brainless zombies. 
+It was his idea... Ercan Korkut... We brainwashed the students with Yetmez Gençler videos.
MC: And why did he need to do this exactly?
+His ambition... He believed that MEF University was the most successful one at graduating students as competent. He wanted all others to respect that belief...
+He brainwashed everyone to make them believe it as well. So he could make other participants as MEF Students in the future without any hangup.
MC: People should have their own choices. They should decide on their own! How can I end this madness?
+He is on 5th floor. Defeat him... He is still giving Yetmez Gençler courses.

MC starts walking off to take stairs.


+Wait! You can't defeat him, you are still weak!
MC: Do you know something?
+Aye, according to ancient legends, there is only one person who knows how to defeat him.
MC: And who is that?
+I'm telling you "ancient legends" right? Most probably he is dead already. But there is a book of his learnings in the library.
+Anyways the book is guarded by someone. You need to be careful.
MC:(Is that someone our librarian? I knew the time would come someday. I shall pay a visit to library.
MC: Take care.

MC takes upstairs.
-----------------------------------



> 3rd Floor

-> event 10:30 kaydediyor
loop: saat 10:31 oldumu?
event oynat!
goto loop


-----------------------

kütüphane masaları
dolular, öğrenciler yetmez-genc videoları seyrediyor

MC: (Oh, that's no good. There are so many students. They are all focused on those brainwashing videos.)
MC: (I should sneak in, otherwise I can't fight with all of them.)

çok fazla oldukları için
gizlice yanlarından geçip kütüphaneye ulaşmamız lazım.

quick time event, fight yok yeni tip bir event.

MC: (God, that was close...)

> Another encounter with the toaster guy.
+How is going? Have you found a way?
MC: Aye, I got some intel, I should find a kind of ancient information at Library to defeat him. 






























